in buenos aires argentina 19 hours and a half dozen is June
we came here the meeting offers your economic team macri as entrepreneurs and
a lot will deal with something we will talk about now in this quick live here
our diet we have here the sergio is philippines to the
right very well finished messing with the farmer's table campo grande mato grosso
from the south with the most important city in chile there that I think learning in
left the champion of the project in some points with the support of the camera
only logically do we expect to believe in the bed that rodrigo himself
Maya said that she will create a special commission that will analyze and
analysis is may find that they exaggerate the other as well as the planets with all
are sure to face this project in a good way
what I feel back to Brazil likes the state to be in charge of it
state, you know, I say more and more that he has to do it
who fights and looks who is giving what to say look just how things are not well
so you appear at the moment the baby seat thing
whoever decided to attack whoever decided never in his career was found any
assembled person is a song for $ 3 plus seven points in the initial appealed portfolio
and it records, that is, there was no editing, there was also
it's actually a tax that we did we created the figure of the warning and
there is never obviously because I think he loves a warrant officer or treats the law something
for the son is your protégé the guardian knows this
go there and put on the gym bring and take and bring
just accusing me there i am tempted against life
agatha is exactly the opposite there was no punishment and on the day a financial penalty
also now our bill phorm bill project is going to have the warning is
explained the higher the touch the smaller or even the one that there are movements of the
arguments of the government's spending process of successful interference and the
intervention I always trust my boys
we have to trust with others to make Brazil better for everyone
here is my training leaving the one that you have a voice about cachaça in the gums
of Argentina recognizes the unique Brazilian cachaça the plate will be is
recognized the geographical identity of Brazilian cachaça here in argentina is
an old election the small symbolic a sample president the goodwill and the
partnership that the Brazilian people do not have for the various topics of
common interest as the integrated band that goes from a state resource both
artificial when integrating the health certificate to facilitate the
the lives of entrepreneurs in brazil and argentina, finally, several issues that
19 were around us, Brazil has already received nine and us at 4 they have
promised that in 34 and they solve other problems like
but the export of wheat flour water
the pet unit is a product for shipping which is very important
there the pets who Brazil starts now a new era of integration
and the friendship really with the argentina in a little while she comes back to talk about the
his passage through asia in particular china on the left end here inside the
state of lower voter density calls if it is I have been there twice
during the pre-campaign and seeing the agony of that people regarding energy is
important for anything state that depends largely on the energy of the
venezuela there at the goiânia plant that had paid
but almost daily and then collapsed due to lack of maintenance and passed
to depend on 100% of the athlete consuming approximately 1 million liters of
diesel oil a day detail a large part subsidize the whole
the world in brazil paid for the good news morana good news president here of
according to your guidance and determination so five months
we managed to hold an auction of energy from renewable energy sources
clean that will double the energy availability of the state of roraima and better
than that will reduce the cost of that energy as you know says a million
of liters of diesel, which corresponds to almost one million nine hundred million
per year that all consumers for this energy that we're going to
provide a panorama from 2021 onwards will have a cost reduction in terms of
approximately 35% that so this is president public policy and this is what
the state has to do in a little while will talk about the union in terms of the portfolio of
driver look now see Paulo
see i'm older i'm 64 years old 60 and 69 going out in the cool
the rate applied look what is good can happen we started to say that
has a driver from five to ten years after the age of 65 it became five years to
validity of it so nowadays it is five years is the
From the 33th year onwards, it is best for you that the day to renew the portfolio of
driver doesn’t lose right man ten years a day and from sixty-five
cents the pension plan is you are just that you will look for the DMV and make
a battery of exams that some will uncomplicate total five to ten years but
the size nobody will have to claim a whole letter to the baby's car seat
problem the sky of fine or penalty in the
score now with certainty ie we then created something to stimulate the
element against catania if one can speak of going out
Paulo in order to pass here to remove what represents that in America
from the south the potential with the name of brazil and
Argentine together that can represent a way that we are not one of the biggest
agricultural powers their level and one of the greatest powers
energetic also that we laugh a lot in cases of oil we have a return and
compression of the year was precisely combining them energy integration
communism pac a great loot this interaction of the agribusiness scripts
teresa was agreed here she mainly her message is her
transformation with the brand president which is to make a mercosur that attracts angus
in this Argentine region it was already the sixth richest country in the world and Brazil is the
name that most grew in mercosul 2011 through knowledge and also threatened
our democracy as it did with 60 so the watchword here both the
president works when president marcos was just the freedom to
economic freedom and political freedom market democracy to put
one more to grow in the economic space in fact to set up the mercosur will
run don't catch me the two savings are going to that cheap energy not having food
cheap and let's start with the reaction of the local economy that sees that a citizen
Jardim eldorado paulista right city where i was raised like this in the transition they talk
ask the lady here to talk about the bananas issue that tim burton activates her
revoked and know it despite the vacancy to know
congratulations to you I work for sale and china that ended this ghost of
banana collection is from ribeira valley is protected is saving money
she smells me you get better doctor quickly what you extract from your
passage through asia special to him the china that you stayed there when more than
a week doesn’t even think it’s a passage through art she was fantastic
first we see a potential that we still have to be able to expand
our exports of meat grains and mainly value added in china
today with the problem they have of African swine fever everything that we
we produce staying in brazil in argentina in paraguay and uruguay is not
enough to fulfill that market so we have a window of
opportunity that south america can help you with on anything but not on
special in brazil in japan we talked about opening the market
meats and also fruits and they really need Brazilian fruits
that with our friends our producers and we only export 3% of our fruits in the
laos now i just received today the news that it is a small country but that already
a week ago gave us the answer of chicken exports and export of
standing ox and export of cattle for breeding which was in cooperation with the
embrapa of ours is of all our potential is tropical of our production is
a president is a fantastic thing we are going to leave
there and for lack of potential pleasure Vietnam and indonesia laos
malaysia and china china doesn’t even speak 1 billion 400 thousand people
Brazil has to work hard to be able to send more and more all
facts when I say that each minister my
is equivalent for 10 minutes instead of following the fight, which is a sack in petroleum
knowing the tourist potential surrounding the region and what is possible the government
help you primary fruit export
we are already there within the disposition quickly linhão do tucuruí
very line would include going from manaus to good view here for over six
years is about to be consumed and that we will lose approximately a year a
subsidy of around 1 billion one hundred million reais almost 100 million per
month we ask that it is not built
lion union that goes from manaus to good view something - union president is good
say with you mentioned roraima is the state with the lowest demographic density
but it is one of the richest states in brazil and because of this lack of
energy and has no way to develop as it could and it helps not only me
but all over brazil the schedule that the government established
to is the beginning of the works of the linhão de tucuruí from manaus to boa vista is
faithfully fulfilling establishing we hope to have the installation license
by the end of July and the beginning of August the end of August we will be in this
starting the works of the lion and 2021 will be a year that we will not only have new
source of energy in roraima but also finally the lion providing energy for
the question is even knowing the mines and energy is also the area below the
land in one of the passages via jumping said
a truth the figure of speech if i were re-elected from roraima with the
technology and 20 years we will have an economy close to japan with four grand corp
there is a lot of president I think that all these public policy actions
focused on the state of roraima will allow that state to be exactly
what you have said several times is a very rich state and will
contribute a lot to the country's development
iii person when we have to do the environmentally friendly wedding
progress roraima has been almost unviable with the other in brazil
rondonia of this problem until and quickly this problem there is a plate
the people sought a lot of forest in southern Brazil all over
with these reserves is noble indigenous quilombolas and environmental protection parks
national state parks is absurd to leave the mistake my dog ​​is
recognize the decree that demarcated the ecological station was on condition that
kicking wrong but look at me is absurd you have a mark for example it was
verified by decree in recent years the wave of this trip
what changes the opposition article in another function
the company was the only one that I spoke with and there was still no law in the front that digs
decree is repealed in December a specific law
if you have two decrees that move two continuous hours of 22 projects not even for
that is done to make Brazil unviable let's suppose that today I solve
here is wavering 5,000 decree is that when only a crazy person is interested, not to have been
the bill in parliament that takes too long
I would like to do in the bay of angra the moto garbage from Brazil and the world are
stolen playing the league can not in front of the island
big but almost a hundred is still water hot water is pound
ltda you can't do anything the field of
invoice per year 12 billion one billion
all right he went there then go to the bay of
creek like la foto gigante 4 i talked a lot of gay the station
ecological of the juréia any country in the world the yashi rooting in a rational way
these regions for photo in the Portuguese billions speak for the champion the economy is
important you can bring our way of seeing the laws in Brazil sometimes
they destroy resources because they talked about it here in argentina that a country so rich
in natural resources was the sixth largest economy in the world today in paris brazil
because brazil was also the name that grew the most for decades a brand
japan mexico and china more than which is what marcio also stopped growing
for us we will see are inadequate laws right now is to see the
petrobras may yield a subsidiary mobilizes supreme court was all
interrupts a sale also means it is not a reference phrase by the
knowledge that brazil will advance to register its resources if it develops
and preserving it is also perfectly possible to economically exploit
preserving natural resources is it is economically possible to do this but
we who are possibly the world's second largest resource economy
we ended up in that country because we are the
130th as a business environment we have a preference for poverty
we have a hostility to blacks to investments and to improve the quality
the use is difficult the boss in brazil left until last year a man from
I only went to the street with a lot of fans for sure a lot and sometimes a lot of
times unfairly because the fights they my lessons are made by each one
each inspector goes there and does it in his own way we need to know now a protocol
open what does he have to come back to we just fine even can't get out
indiscriminately changing mainly in the field I ask you
who today pollutes more the farmer in the field to the city on the day of
today is not because there is only this farmer's party in the field the situation I want
that the person agrees to keep suffocating the countryside to the city and only numbers
the transmudar project of losing the portfolio of 20 our understanding to 40
in the city
he asks for a facility not that his organization and 40% because second
your disk inside has no way to process it all is one is a renowned bureaucracy
do not have to process it there and take steps to notify the
driver that he lost his license has to be subjected to a new
evaluation an important thing is also just the idea
of the driver's license price with reason
look we weren't federal government i'm not doing not only doing our part
first the traffic didn’t do this bill depends on your deputy
from the right left we are ending the monopoly of
DMV that creates that only some health clinics benefit for you
do a total inspection to pay an average of 300 our any doctor right
accredited can do is to believe my army colleague a general way for the
central army hospital and military police lieutenant doctor there and
talk to him and take the hotel out of him and they obviously had
perfect right and it will cost you 10 too
pass a friend access we will help a people who want to direct to take their
wallet anyway in this house still almost
finished in second place is also not only on top of us on top of the player
roberto asks here also present something
the region now we the woman speak only of the federal savings bank
and just as interest is very high indebtedness grew a lot of dogs
federal government launched the 3 million debt renegotiation program
Brazilians who were late had their debt renegotiated
of personal credit with substantial discounts the year of 40 50 60 70 per
cent for people to borrow - two thousand reais
interpreted in 2010 12 3 thousand rest games and i think i never went to renegotiated
forward millions of people instead of personnel and at the same time
denied 600 thousand families benefited from the renegotiation of real estate credit
people also took out a loan to buy their own home that 60 from Flemish
are also negotiating the tip benefit from cheaper interest
decreasing is just the president since we are here in argentina
we have effectively started the energy integration between the two countries that will be
fundamental for the resumption of economic growth the development
and industrialization we are complementary and this will provide a
reducing the cost of energy and we will return without growing safely
energy and is a course for sustainable development
tomorrow or after a search on our facebook you are against or for one
mobile radar follows mobile radar is that market street arrives right on highway 80
tse came home from that point there was no problem lion the afternoon afternoon but
change 110 120 until nothing much you went to 10 20% 96 of course a seedling
do you like to pay even more fine this step and the ball egypt which is in favor
of a motorcycle honor is contrary can find will even serve to
decide if we will have the honor of the hands of brazil which is not the vote or vote to
ending this ball is cool so thank you very much here is the sérgio china de mato
thick of the south of the moon the minister of mines and energy on the
legalization of brazil also tomorrow 6 graduation will be necessary
of sergeants of the navy also personal is bigger